Add changelog for provisioned device to be auto assign to Application (#3113)
FlowFuse/website: src/changelog/2025/04/device-provisioning.md

---
title: Remote Instance Provisioning

> description: "Bulk Registration now supports auto assigning devices to an application."

Reviewer: "devices" don't exist anymore, it's "Remote instance"

Author: ```suggestion
description: "Bulk Registration now supports auto assigning your Remote Instances to an Application."
```

date: 2025-04-04 12:00:00.0  
authors: ["stephen-mclaughlin"]
tags:
  - changelog
---

> FlowFuse has had the ability to provision devices at scale for some time now, but assigning devices to an application has, until now, been a manual process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FlowFuse has had the ability to provision remote instances at scale for some time now, but assigning remote instances to an application has, until now, been a manual process.
```

> In this update, we have added the ability to have your bulk provisioned devices automatically assign themselves to an application upon creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this update, we have added the ability to have your bulk provisioned remote instances automatically assign themselves to an application upon creation.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: @Steve-Mcl I believe the issue is this extra blank line
```suggestion
```

Author: worth a go
